You wish
To everyone in smap
Takayuki Mori
When I heard that 5 people do TV for 27 hours
I thought it was amazing
The live is over now and it may be 2 came
Just under 18 years passed since I stopped smap
That time
To said Anna unreasonable thing
Accept me
I really appreciate everyone who sent me warmly
The last shot in smash and toast at Yotsuya yakiniku restaurant
We went outside the dawn, and we all turned to the camera and took photos
I remember strongly
That's it
Finally, leaning it 6 people
New voice
I bought a real brother because Shingo when I first met it was really a child
There was also a time when I thought it was sassy
Much cute
But
That kind of crazy singer
If you look on TV now
It is reliable as imposing
Great signal
Go
Naa be a way spoke always best together in changing the Tsuyoshi
Even when you go home by train
I'm jealous that my boss can turn over
Drifting or prearranged Baku the air many times in the home
Reina I saw only after I quit snap
Barat of the Go
It was very nice
I am taking
With that
I have started to meet a bike
It is good as a hobby but it is absolutely safe
I was not careful
following
This is the reality of quitting smap and entering training school
Everyone gathered in my house and bought a head for a clipper
Other than follow
That's where
follow I like it so much
Nakai- kun
Between Kimura and Go and Shingo
I used to be in the same place if it was old
I think it is difficult to be in the middle
However , I think that smap can be done with smap because there is Boro-chan .
I will follow you from now on
Kimura- kun, you're done
Kimura- kun
Keeping is often the most number of times that I played in members
Kimura is cool from the time they first met
It's cool to play with
Cool even if you work
It's always been cool since that time
It's amazing
A word that told you want to be scared if you stop
I will not forget it
Nakai- kun
Nakai Queen teaches the most various things
And
Was the most bother
Not from decided to quit
And I'm worried
Have always been taking care of me
Thank you
Thank you for the press conference
Please take care of me as a leader until the last minute I give up
Thank you
I've traveled 5 people in Smasma
Finally from the sea to the best friends commanded
Thank you for crying
Thank you very much
I am grateful
Dead
My friends can only have 5
smap best
Takayuki Mori